SAMPLE TRAINING PAIRS
============================================================

Sample 1:
  Prompt: I am looking to
  Completion: meet other people in the lifestyle.
  Full: I am looking to meet other people in the lifestyle.

Sample 2:
  Prompt: We are looking for
  Completion: friends both in and out of the bedroom.
  Full: We are looking for friends both in and out of the bedroom.

Sample 3:
  Prompt: Couples, single women, and
  Completion: straight single men are all welcome.
  Full: Couples, single women, and straight single men are all welcome.

Sample 4:
  Prompt: A connection with a person, or couple, to
  Completion: have the privilege to explore.
  Full: A connection with a person, or couple, to have the privilege to explore.

Sample 5:
  Prompt: Im up for new experiences I’m single and
  Completion: looking for mf/mfm/mmf/ffm/ts/bdsm/.
  Full: Im up for new experiences I’m single and looking for mf/mfm/mmf/ffm/ts/bdsm/.

Sample 6:
  Prompt: We are both shaved in
  Completion: all the right area's and have excellent hygiene and expect the same from you.
  Full: We are both shaved in all the right area's and have excellent hygiene and expect the same from you.

Sample 7:
  Prompt: We are looking for a woman to
  Completion: build trust and comfort with through 1-on-1 interactions with me, the husband.
  Full: We are looking for a woman to build trust and comfort with through 1-on-1 interactions with me, the husband.

Sample 8:
  Prompt: Drama free & would like
  Completion: to keep it that way.
  Full: Drama free & would like to keep it that way.

Sample 9:
  Prompt: We are new to
  Completion: the lifestyle and excited to start a new adventure.
  Full: We are new to the lifestyle and excited to start a new adventure.

Sample 10:
  Prompt: Willing to try anthing once however
  Completion: she will not be with two men but enjoys women.
  Full: Willing to try anthing once however she will not be with two men but enjoys women.

Sample 11:
  Prompt: Enjoy being nude around
  Completion: other people - up for about anything fun!
  Full: Enjoy being nude around other people - up for about anything fun!

Sample 12:
  Prompt: Honest, clean d/d free people who
  Completion: are not pushy or judgemental.
  Full: Honest, clean d/d free people who are not pushy or judgemental.

Sample 13:
  Prompt: I can host or
  Completion: travel..,Im not judgemental,Looks matter but not everything!
  Full: I can host or travel..,Im not judgemental,Looks matter but not everything!

Sample 14:
  Prompt: We can even compare notes on
  Completion: grand kids, we have three and they are the best..
  Full: We can even compare notes on grand kids, we have three and they are the best..

Sample 15:
  Prompt: We do not kiss and
  Completion: tell and may never opt into to certs to display our partner list.
  Full: We do not kiss and tell and may never opt into to certs to display our partner list.

Sample 16:
  Prompt: We love swinging and
  Completion: are enjoying every minute of our experiences.
  Full: We love swinging and are enjoying every minute of our experiences.

Sample 17:
  Prompt: We are very open to
  Completion: new experiences of all kinds.
  Full: We are very open to new experiences of all kinds.

Sample 18:
  Prompt: Would like to find someone who
  Completion: could be my partner in crime.
  Full: Would like to find someone who could be my partner in crime.

Sample 19:
  Prompt: If you are interested
  Completion: plz have pics open and let us know.
  Full: If you are interested plz have pics open and let us know.

Sample 20:
  Prompt: We are looking for
  Completion: couple and Bi- ladies who is secure.
  Full: We are looking for couple and Bi- ladies who is secure.

Sample 21:
  Prompt: A good time and some one for
  Completion: ever I have a very high sex drive looking for the same.
  Full: A good time and some one for ever I have a very high sex drive looking for the same.

Sample 22:
  Prompt: I would love to
  Completion: play with a woman...for the first time.
  Full: I would love to play with a woman...for the first time.

Sample 23:
  Prompt: We are looking for
  Completion: someone with the same likes as us.
  Full: We are looking for someone with the same likes as us.

Sample 24:
  Prompt: We’re both easy going and low-key hoping to
  Completion: find others for non-judgmental and no-pressure fun.
  Full: We’re both easy going and low-key hoping to find others for non-judgmental and no-pressure fun.

Sample 25:
  Prompt: We love going to
  Completion: the gym, lake life on the boat and anything outside.
  Full: We love going to the gym, lake life on the boat and anything outside.

Sample 26:
  Prompt: We are new to
  Completion: the lifestyle, but very motivated to meet new friends and more!
  Full: We are new to the lifestyle, but very motivated to meet new friends and more!

Sample 27:
  Prompt: I have been interested and curious for
  Completion: many years and just didn't know where to begin.
  Full: I have been interested and curious for many years and just didn't know where to begin.

Sample 28:
  Prompt: Having a blast with
  Completion: life, I have met many great people.
  Full: Having a blast with life, I have met many great people.

Sample 29:
  Prompt: Fully enjoy learning about
  Completion: and helping you realize your passions while expanding my own.
  Full: Fully enjoy learning about and helping you realize your passions while expanding my own.

Sample 30:
  Prompt: Other fit couple to
  Completion: have a good time in and out of the bedroom.
  Full: Other fit couple to have a good time in and out of the bedroom.

Sample 31:
  Prompt: I'm very flexible as
  Completion: long as I get to be inside you.
  Full: I'm very flexible as long as I get to be inside you.

Sample 32:
  Prompt: We live in the Mountain Island Lake area and
  Completion: are often around the lake or out in Denver NC.
  Full: We live in the Mountain Island Lake area and are often around the lake or out in Denver NC.

Sample 33:
  Prompt: No bi males Send face pics and
  Completion: an intelligent message if you want to get her attention.
  Full: No bi males Send face pics and an intelligent message if you want to get her attention.

Sample 34:
  Prompt: Making new friends to
  Completion: go out with and see what goes from there.
  Full: Making new friends to go out with and see what goes from there.

Sample 35:
  Prompt: Seeking intelligent, passionate and kinky lovers for
  Completion: mutual satisfaction and fun!
  Full: Seeking intelligent, passionate and kinky lovers for mutual satisfaction and fun!

Sample 36:
  Prompt: We've had some great times in
  Completion: the lifestyle, fulfilling some of our hottest fantasies!
  Full: We've had some great times in the lifestyle, fulfilling some of our hottest fantasies!

Sample 37:
  Prompt: Mostly we are looking
  Completion: for a couple to to have a good time with and possibly more.
  Full: Mostly we are looking for a couple to to have a good time with and possibly more.

Sample 38:
  Prompt: Ongoing relationship with selective,
  Completion: mature, active, vivacious, sensual, discrete thoughtful couple.
  Full: Ongoing relationship with selective, mature, active, vivacious, sensual, discrete thoughtful couple.

Sample 39:
  Prompt: Fun time pleasure pleasing licking to
  Completion: meet new friends to have a good time and please someone and be pleased.
  Full: Fun time pleasure pleasing licking to meet new friends to have a good time and please someone and be pleased.

Sample 40:
  Prompt: Snuggling while letting passionate sweat cool is
  Completion: one of those honey toppings on the ice cream o life...{Cheshire grin}.
  Full: Snuggling while letting passionate sweat cool is one of those honey toppings on the ice cream o life...{Cheshire grin}.

Sample 41:
  Prompt: Looking for a nice open-minded couple or
  Completion: single Bi female to have fun with.
  Full: Looking for a nice open-minded couple or single Bi female to have fun with.

Sample 42:
  Prompt: Looking for a black man with
  Completion: a strong personality who enjoys football, movies, passion.
  Full: Looking for a black man with a strong personality who enjoys football, movies, passion.

Sample 43:
  Prompt: Must haves: True bi sexual ladies,
  Completion: meaning must enjoy sex with both man and woman.
  Full: Must haves: True bi sexual ladies, meaning must enjoy sex with both man and woman.

Sample 44:
  Prompt: So you got to
  Completion: be okay with our sex life being told to another person.
  Full: So you got to be okay with our sex life being told to another person.

Sample 45:
  Prompt: Want to try new things, have
  Completion: new experiences, will try almost anything at least 1 time.
  Full: Want to try new things, have new experiences, will try almost anything at least 1 time.

Sample 46:
  Prompt: If we all have
  Completion: a connection can see where it goes.
  Full: If we all have a connection can see where it goes.

Sample 47:
  Prompt: The way we see it, it is much more fun when
  Completion: everyone is enthusiastic and excited to play!
  Full: The way we see it, it is much more fun when everyone is enthusiastic and excited to play!

Sample 48:
  Prompt: If you are a
  Completion: single female we are definitely not interested.
  Full: If you are a single female we are definitely not interested.

Sample 49:
  Prompt: I am not really sure what or who
  Completion: I am looking fir.
  Full: I am not really sure what or who I am looking fir.

Sample 50:
  Prompt: I would like her to
  Completion: be experienced in BDSM and slave/pet training.
  Full: I would like her to be experienced in BDSM and slave/pet training.

